hello youtube this is a video on my
paper Gatling gun I just made this like
maybe 10 seconds ago and it's not that
bad it could be better you know it's
made all out of notebook paper actually
and you can actually shoot through every
single one of those yeah your little
fake mags or bullets I made out of nub
of paper and I chopped off every 5000 1
2 3 4 5 cut it off and I did that all
the way down I just put one big long
tape here and on the back side and just
taped it to that your hand don't looking
that great trigger and I'm gonna make a
stand for it later on but um it's not
that bad I actually like it because my
first it's the biggest kind of made and
it's actually really cool and I'll hold
it free and see what it looks like with
all but
this actually is really really big look
you may look small but it's big yes